Module core.cache
=================

Classes
-------

`ExtendedCacheMsgPack(app: Optional[flask.app.Flask] = None, with_jinja2_ext: bool = True, config=None)`
:   This class is used to control the cache objects.

    ### Ancestors (in MRO)

    * flask_caching.Cache

    ### Methods

    `deserialize(self, data)`
    :   Deserialize the data using MessagePack.

    `get_data(self, cache_key)`
    :   Get data from the cache.

    `get_key(self, namespace='', identifier='', user_uuid=None)`
    :   Generate a cache key, optionally user-specific.
        
        :param namespace: The primary namespace of the cache key. Optional.
        :param identifier: An optional identifier within the namespace.
        :param user_uuid: Optional user secondary ID for user-specific keys.
        :return: A string representing the cache key.

    `get_or_set(self, cache_key, data_func=None, cache_timeout=3600, *args)`
    :   Get data from the cache or generate it and set it in the cache.
        
        :param cache_key: The key for the cache entry.
        :param data_func: Optional function to generate data for setting or updating the cache.
        :param refresh: Boolean flag to force refresh the cache.
        :param cache_timeout: Cache timeout in seconds. Defaults to 3600 (1 hour).
        :param args: Arguments to pass to data_func, if provided.
        :return: Data from the cache or generated by data_func.

    `invalidate(self, cache_key)`
    :   Invalidate a cache entry.

    `serialize(self, data)`
    :   Serialize the data using MessagePack.

    `set_data(self, cache_key, data, cache_timeout=3600, *args)`
    :   Set data in the cache.